Doppel v1.0.0 (#37882)
demisto/content: Packs/Doppel/Integrations/Doppel/README.md

Reviewer: Done

# Overview

> Doppel is a Modern Digital Risk Protection Solution, that detects the phishing and brand cyber attacks on the emerging channels. Doppel scans millions of channels online which includes, social media, domains, paid ads, dark web, emerging channels, etc. Doppel can identify the malicious content and cyber threats, and enables their customers to take down the digital risks proactively. The XSOAR pack for Doppel mirrors the alerts created by Doppel as XSOAR incidents. The pack also contains the commands to perform different operations on Doppel alerts.

Reviewer: Fixed.

## Configure Doppel on Cortex XSOAR

1. Navigate to **Settings & Info** > **Settings** > **Integrations** > **Instances**.
2. Search for Doppel.
3. Click **Add instance** to create and configure a new integration instance.

    | **Parameter** | **Description** | **Required** |
    | --- | --- | --- |

>     | Doppel Tenant URL | The tenant URL of the Doppel | True |

Reviewer: Fixed.

    | API Key | API key to use for the connection. | True |
    | Fetch incidents |  | False |
    | Incident type |  | False |
    | First fetch timestamp (&lt;number&gt; &lt;time unit&gt;, e.g., 12 hours, 7 days, 3 months, 1 year) |  | False |
    | Fetch incidents timeout: The time limit in seconds for fetch incidents to run. Leave this empty to cancel the timeout limit. |  | False |
    | Number of incidents for each fetch.: Due to API limitations, the maximum is 100. |  | False |
    | Trust any certificate (not secure) |  | False |
    | Use system proxy settings |  | False |
    | Incidents Fetch Interval |  | False |
    | Mirror Direction | Choose the direction to mirror the incident: Incoming \(from Doppel to Cortex XSOAR\), Outgoing \(from Cortex XSOAR to Doppel\), or Incoming and Outgoing \(from/to Cortex XSOAR and Doppel\). | False |
    
4. Click **Test** to validate the URLs, token, and connection.

## Commands

You can execute these commands from the Cortex XSOAR CLI, as part of an automation, or in a playbook.
After you successfully execute a command, a DBot message appears in the War Room with the command details.

### doppel-get-alert

***

> Retrieves the alert details by ID or entity. Must include exactly one of either ID or entity.

Reviewer: Fixed.

| --- | --- | --- |  
| entity | The entity for which the alert should be created. | Required |  

#### Context Output

| **Path** | **Type** | **Description** |  
| --- | --- | --- |  
| Doppel.CreatedAlert.id | String | The unique ID of the alert. |  
| Doppel.CreatedAlert.entity | String | The entity URL associated with the alert. |  
| Doppel.CreatedAlert.doppel_link | String | The link to view the alert in the Doppel platform. |  

#### Command example

```!doppel-create-alert entity="http://example.com"```

#### Context Example

```json
{
  "CreatedAlert": {
    "id": "TST-1001",
    "entity": "http://example.com",
    "doppel_link": "https://app.doppel.com/alerts/TST-1001"
  }
}
```

#### Human Readable Output

>### Created Alert
>| ID | Entity | Doppel Link |  
>| --- | --- | --- |  
>| TST-1001 | http://example.com | [Doppel Link](https://app.doppel.com/alerts/TST-1001) |  

### doppel-update-alert

***

Updates an alert in the Doppel platform. Either `alert_id` or `entity` must be specified.

#### Base Command

`doppel-update-alert`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |  
| --- | --- | --- |  

> | alert_id | The ID of the alert to update. Only one of `alert_id` or `entity` can be specified, not both. | Optional |  
> | entity | The entity of the alert to update. Only one of `alert_id` or `entity` can be specified, not both. | Optional |  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| alert_id | The ID of the alert to update. Either `alert_id` or `entity` should be specified, not both. | Optional |  
| entity | The entity of the alert to update. Either `alert_id` or `entity` should be specified, not both. | Optional |  
```

Reviewer: Fixed.

***

Create an alert for the provided value to abuse box. Will fail if the alert value is invalid or is protected.

#### Base Command

`doppel-create-abuse-alert`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |  
| --- | --- | --- |  
| entity | The entity for which the abuse alert should be created. | Required |  

#### Context Output

| **Path** | **Type** | **Description** |  
| --- | --- | --- |  
| Doppel.AbuseAlert.message | String | Message indicating the status of the submission process. |  

#### Command example

```!doppel-create-abuse-alert entity="http://malicious.com"```

#### Context Example

```json
{
  "Doppel": {
    "AbuseAlert": {
      "message": "Abuse alert created successfully"
    }
  }
}
```

#### Human Readable Output

>### Abuse Alert Submission
>| Message |  
>| --- |  
>| Abuse alert created successfully |  

### doppel-get-alerts

***

Retrieves a list of alerts. The result can be filtered by provided parameters.

#### Base Command

`doppel-get-alerts`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |  
| --- | --- | --- |  
| search_key | Currently only supports search by URL. | Optional |  

> | queue_state | New queue status to update alert with (id required). Possible values: actioned, needs_confirmation, doppel_review, monitoring, taken_down, archived. | Optional |  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| queue_state | New queue status to update alert with (ID required). Possible values: actioned, needs_confirmation, doppel_review, monitoring, taken_down, archived. | Optional |  
```

Reviewer: Fixed.

| product | Product category the report belongs to. Possible values: domains, social_media, mobile_apps, ecommerce, crypto, emails, paid_adds. | Optional |  
| created_before | Filter alerts created before a specific time. Use the ISO 8601 format, such as 2020-01-01T00:11:22Z. For durations, enter values like '12 hours' or '7 days'. | Optional |  

> | created_after | Filter alerts created before a specific time. Use the ISO 8601 format, such as 2020-01-01T00:11:22Z. For durations, enter values like '12 hours' or '7 days'. | Optional |  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| created_after | Filter alerts created after a specific time. Use the ISO 8601 format, such as 2020-01-01T00:11:22Z. For durations, enter values like '12 hours' or '7 days'. | Optional |  
```

Reviewer: Fixed.
